How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you to see the bug that was introduced?

It helped to spot typos in spelling which could be an easy mistake while writing lines code.
I see how this could save a ton of time when things change unintentionally visually/functionally and debugging is necessary.

How could easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Easy access to the entire history of a file can make me a more efficient programmer by organizing versions. This eliminates the time searching for each version to check against each other when I've made mistakes/changes that need debugging.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The pros of manually choosing when to create a commit (user created checkpoints/versions) in Git are that you have greater control of making a single logical change per commit. Also, it allows for better understanding of why a logical change was made, as Git commits require the user to supply a commit message each time a commit is created.
The cons of manually choosing when to create a commit in Git are user error such as poor judgement calls in making the commit too small or too large, or, inconsistently remembering to create a commit.
The pros of Google Docs are that you will always have prior versions available as Google Docs automatically saves versions/checkpoints based upon intervals.
The cons of Google Docs automatically saving versions/checkpoints is that you have no control over whether the version/checkpoint is made after single logical changes. This can make it confusing when going to compare files for changes/debugging. Also, there will be no reference to what changes have been made from version to version.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Using the command git log allows me to view a log of all commits created. If I used good judgement and created a commit for every logical change to a file, then I should easily be able to distinguish when and what changes I made during that specific point in time.
Using the command git diff allows me to compare and contrast what changes I made from commit to commit. This enables greater specificity of lines that I've added or deleted from version to version.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Version control makes me more confident to make changes that could break
something with the abilities of the git checkout command. Git checkout allows
 me to find when a bug was introduced in a commit. The git checkout command
 allows the user to run the commit and test the code. It also allows you to
 experiment without making permanent changes that are irreversible.
Furthermore, git checkout allows the user to go into a 'detached HEAD' state.
You can look around, make experimental changes and commit them,
and you can discard any commits you make in this
state without impacting any branches by performing another checkout.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use Git to organize and save versions/commits of files while I am developing applications and web pages. Ss
