When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping all of your local work?

I would want to create a remote repository to allow other users to access, clone, and edit files from the repository on their own working directories. Also, it allows me to collaborate with other users and share progress or changes that I have committed.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You might always want to pull changes manually because you may want to pull changes at a time that is a good reference point, such as sensible logical changes have been made. If they were automatically updated, this could jeopardize working with a group, especially if you later decided that one of the changes that you've made is not what you actually want. You wouldn't want to have changes pulled to the remote that you were not ready to pull.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

A clone is made when a user copies a repository from github onto their local machine, creating a local working directory. Use a clone to work files and make changes on your local machine without effecting the original file(s). Later, the user can push commits onto the online repository. Branches organize relatable commits from one parent commit. Branches are used to allow users to add experimental features that do not directly change the master/"production" branch. If the changes on a branch separate from the master are ones that you want to keep, you can later merge the branch into the master branch. Forks are useful when a user wants to make changes to an online repository without making changes to the original. So, git allows the user to "fork", which is just a fancy way of saying that Git allows you to copy repositories online. When forking, a person could then push commits/changes to their repository online to show others, but the original would still be unchanged.   
